README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Inter&size=30&pause=700&color=0FF0FC&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=Radoslav+Mitrashkov;Developer+%26+Builder;Creating+Scalable+Digital+Products" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mitrashkov&label=profile%20signals&color=0ff0fc&style=flat" />
</p>


### ░ PROFILE

```txt
Name        : Radoslav Mitrashkov
Role        : Software Developer
Location    : Bulgaria
Started     : Programming since age 11
```

### 🧠 About Me
+ 🚀 Passionate about programming & building real-world projects
+ 🧩 Self-taught developer since age 11
+ 🌍 Love modern UI, clean code & scalable ideas

🌐 Connect With Me
<p align="center"> <a href="https://instagram.com/mitrashkov_"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-1f2937?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram"/></a> <a href="https://twitter.com/mitrashkov_"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1f2937?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter"/></a> <a href="https://codepen.io/mitrashkov"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CodePen-1f2937?style=for-the-badge&logo=codepen"/></a> <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/22268208"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/StackOverflow-1f2937?style=for-the-badge&logo=stackoverflow"/></a> <a href="https://www.behance.net/mitrashkov"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Behance-1f2937?style=for-the-badge&logo=behance"/></a> </p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/devworld/" target="_blank">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20Our%20Reddit-r%2Fdevworld-FF4500?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit&logoColor=white"
      alt="Join r/devworld on Reddit"
    />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/devworld/" target="_blank">
    <img
      src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&pause=1000&color=FF4500&center=true&vCenter=true&width=450&lines=Join+our+Developer+Community;Reddit+%7C+r%2Fdevworld"
      alt="Join r/devworld"
    />
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise personal section and add interactive nodes
Removed personal details and added interactive sections about approach, mindset, and direction.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Inter&size=30&pause=700&color=0FF0FC&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=Radoslav+Mitrashkov;Developer+%26+Builder;Creating+Scalable+Digital+Products" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mitrashkov&label=profile%20signals&color=0ff0fc&style=flat" />
</p>


### ░ PROFILE

```txt
Name        : Radoslav Mitrashkov
Role        : Software Developer
Location    : Bulgaria
Started     : Programming since age 11
```

░ INTERACTIVE NODES
<details> <summary>▸ approach</summary> <br/> Focused on clarity, performance, and long-term value. Building products meant to scale globally. </details> <details> <summary>▸ mindset</summary> <br/> Strong belief in learning by doing, iteration, and improvement. Every project is an opportunity to refine systems. </details> <details> <summary>▸ direction</summary> <br/> Interested in web platforms, developer tools, and digital ecosystems that solve real problems at scale. </details>

🌐 Connect With Me
<p align="center"> <a href="https://instagram.com/mitrashkov_"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-1f2937?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram"/></a> <a href="https://twitter.com/mitrashkov_"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1f2937?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter"/></a> <a href="https://codepen.io/mitrashkov"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CodePen-1f2937?style=for-the-badge&logo=codepen"/></a> <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/22268208"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/StackOverflow-1f2937?style=for-the-badge&logo=stackoverflow"/></a> <a href="https://www.behance.net/mitrashkov"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Behance-1f2937?style=for-the-badge&logo=behance"/></a> </p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/devworld/" target="_blank">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20Our%20Reddit-r%2Fdevworld-FF4500?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit&logoColor=white"
      alt="Join r/devworld on Reddit"
    />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/devworld/" target="_blank">
    <img
      src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&pause=1000&color=FF4500&center=true&vCenter=true&width=450&lines=Join+our+Developer+Community;Reddit+%7C+r%2Fdevworld"
      alt="Join r/devworld"
    />
  </a>
</p>
